doc/agentvm.md, before:

# Agent virtual machine
The agent virtual machine, based on Red Hat CoreOS (RHCOS), communicates with the Agent Service and reports its status.
The VM is initialized using ignition, which configures multiple containers that run as systemd services. Each of these services is dedicated to a specific function.

## Systemd services
The following are a list of systemd services that can be found on agent virtual machines. All of the services
are defined as quadlets. Quadlet configuration can be found in the [ignition template file](../data/config.ign.template).
The Agent containerfile can be found [here](../Containerfile.agent). The collector containerfile is [here](../Containerfile.collector).

### planner-setup
Planner-setup service is responsible for initializing the volume with data that is shared between the `planner-agent` and the `planner-agent-collector`.

### planner-agent
Planner-agent is a service that reports the status to the Agent service. The URL of the Agent service is configured in the file `$HOME/vol/config.yaml`, which is injected via ignition.

The Planner-agent contains a web application that is exposed via tcp port 3333. Once the user accesses the web application and enters the credentials of their vCenter, the `credentials.json` file is created on the shared volume and the `planner-agent-collector` container is spawned.

### planner-agent-opa
Planner-agent-opa is a service that re-uses the [forklift validation](https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift/blob/main/validation/README.adoc) container. The forklift validation container is responsible for vCenter data validation. When the `planner-agent-collector` fetches vCenter data, it's validated against the OPA server and the report is shared back to the Agent Service.

### planner-agent-collector
Planner-agent-collector service waits until the user enters the vCenter credentials in the `planner-agent` web application. Once the credentials are entered, the vCenter data is collected. The data is stored in `$HOME/vol/data/inventory.json`. Once `inventory.json` is created, the `planner-agent` service sends the data over to Agent service.

### podman-auto-update
Podman auto update is responsible for updating the image of the containers in case there is a new image release. The default `podman-auto-update.timer` is used, which executes `podman-auto-update` every 24 hours.

## Troubleshooting Agent VM services
Useful commands to troubleshoot the Agent VM. Note that all the containers are running under the `core` user.

### Listing the running podman containers
```
$ podman ps
```

### Checking the status of all our services
```
$ systemctl --user status planner-*
```

### Inspecting the shared volume
A shared volume is created between containers, so that information can be shared between the `planner-agent-collector` and `planner-agent` containers.
In order to export the data stored in the volume, find the mountpoint of the volume:
```
$ podman volume inspect planner.volume | jq .[0].Mountpoint
```

And then the relevant data can be explored, such as: `config.yaml`, `credentials.json`, `inventory.json`, etc.
```
$ ls /var/home/core/.local/share/containers/storage/volumes/planner.volume/_data
$ cat /var/home/core/.local/share/containers/storage/volumes/planner.volume/_data/config.yaml
$ cat /var/home/core/.local/share/containers/storage/volumes/planner.volume/_data/data/credentials.json
$ cat /var/home/core/.local/share/containers/storage/volumes/planner.volume/_data/data/inventory.json
```

### Inspecting the host directory with data
The ignition create a `vol` directory in `core` user home directory.
This directory should contain all relevant data, so in order to find misconfiguration please search in this directory.
```
$ ls -l vol
```

### Check logs of the services
```
$ journalctl --user -f -u planner-*
```

### Status is `Not connected` after VM is booted.
This usually indicates that the `planner-agent` service can't communicate with the Agent service.
Check the logs of the `planner-agent` service:
```
journalctl --user -f -u planner-agent
```
And search for the error in the log:
```
level=error msg="failed connecting to migration planner: dial tcp: http://non-working-ip:7443
```
Make sure `non-working-ip` has a properly setup Agent service and is listening on port `7443`.

Commit message:

Remove collector container and merge it with planner
Since collector is simple golang app, we don't need to run it
as standalone container. This PR changes the collector to be
run from planner-agent.

Signed-off-by: Ondra Machacek <omachace@redhat.com>

doc/agentvm.md, after:

# Agent virtual machine
The agent virtual machine, based on Red Hat CoreOS (RHCOS), communicates with the Agent Service and reports its status.
The VM is initialized using ignition, which configures multiple containers that run as systemd services. Each of these services is dedicated to a specific function.

## Systemd services
The following are a list of systemd services that can be found on agent virtual machines. All of the services
are defined as quadlets. Quadlet configuration can be found in the [ignition template file](../data/ignition.template).
The Agent containerfile can be found [here](../Containerfile.agent).

### planner-agent
Planner-agent is a service that reports the status to the Agent service. The URL of the Agent service is configured in the file `$HOME/.migration-planner/config/config.yaml`, which is injected via ignition.

The Planner-agent contains a web application that is exposed via tcp port 3333. Once the user accesses the web application and enters the credentials of their vCenter, the `credentials.json` file is created on the shared volume and the `collector` goroutine is spawned, which fetches the vCenter data. The data is stored in `$HOME/.migration-planner/data/inventory.json`. Once `inventory.json` is created, the `planner-agent` service sends the data over to Agent service.

### planner-agent-opa
Planner-agent-opa is a service that re-uses the [forklift validation](https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift/blob/main/validation/README.adoc) container. The forklift validation container is responsible for vCenter data validation. When the `planner-agent-collector` fetches vCenter data, it's validated against the OPA server and the report is shared back to the Agent Service.

### podman-auto-update
Podman auto update is responsible for updating the image of the containers in case there is a new image release. The default `podman-auto-update.timer` is used, which executes `podman-auto-update` every 24 hours.

## Troubleshooting Agent VM services
Useful commands to troubleshoot the Agent VM. Note that all the containers are running under the `core` user.

### Listing the running podman containers
```
$ podman ps
```

### Checking the status of planner-agent service
```
$ systemctl --user status planner-agent
```

### Inspecting the host directory with data
The ignition create a `.migration-planner` directory in `core` user home directory.
This directory should contain all relevant data, so in order to find misconfiguration please search in this directory.
```
$ ls -l .migration-planner
```

### Check logs of the services
```
$ journalctl --user -f -u planner-agent
```

### Status is `Not connected` after VM is booted.
This usually indicates that the `planner-agent` service can't communicate with the Agent service.
Check the logs of the `planner-agent` service:
```
journalctl --user -f -u planner-agent
```
And search for the error in the log:
```
level=error msg="failed connecting to migration planner: dial tcp: http://non-working-ip:7443
```
Make sure `non-working-ip` has a properly setup Agent service and is listening on port `7443`.
